Update rules-ui-create.asciidoc - fallback behavior in timestamp overrides (#6425)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-create.asciidoc

caused the event directly in the Alerts table.
+
NOTE: For threshold rules, not all source event values can be used for overrides; only the fields that were aggregated over (the `Group by` fields) will contain data.

> .. *Timestamp override* (optional): Select a source event timestamp field. When selected, the rule's query uses the selected field, instead of the default `@timestamp` field, to search for alerts. This can help reduce missing alerts due to network or server outages. Specifically, if your ingest pipeline adds a timestamp when events are sent to {es}, this avoids missing alerts due to ingestion delays.  The query will fallback to `@timestamp` if the selected field is unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Timestamp override* (optional): Select a source event timestamp field. When selected, the rule's query uses the selected field, instead of the default `@timestamp` field, to search for alerts. This can help reduce missing alerts due to network or server outages. Specifically, if your ingest pipeline adds a timestamp when events are sent to {es}, this can prevent missing alerts from ingestion delays. 
+
If the selected field is unavailable, the rule query will use the `@timestamp` field instead. 
```

Author: works for me!

> However, if you know your data source has an inaccurate `@timestamp` value, it is recommended you select the *Do not use @timestamp as a fallback timestamp field* option to ignore the `@timestamp` field entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that you don't want to use the `@timestamp` field because you know your data source has an inaccurate `timestamp` value, we recommend selecting the **Do not use @timestamp as a fallback timestamp field** option instead. This will ensure that the rule query ignores the `@timestamp` field entirely.
```

caused the event directly in the Alerts table.
+
NOTE: For threshold rules, not all source event values can be used for overrides; only the fields that were aggregated over (the `Group by` fields) will contain data.
.. *Timestamp override* (optional): Select a source event timestamp field. When selected, the rule's query uses the selected field, instead of the default `@timestamp` field, to search for alerts. This can help reduce missing alerts due to network or server outages. Specifically, if your ingest pipeline adds a timestamp when events are sent to {es}, this can prevent missing alerts from ingestion delays. 
+

> If the selected field is unavailable, the rule query will use the `@timestamp` field instead. In the case that you don't want to use the `@timestamp` field because you know your data source has an inaccurate `timestamp` value, we recommend selecting the **Do not use @timestamp as a fallback timestamp field** option instead. This will ensure that the rule query ignores the `@timestamp` field entirely.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the selected field is unavailable, the rule query will use the `@timestamp` field instead. In the case that you don't want to use the `@timestamp` field because you know your data source has an inaccurate `@timestamp` value, we recommend selecting the **Do not use @timestamp as a fallback timestamp field** option instead. This will ensure that the rule query ignores the `@timestamp` field entirely.
```
